README.md, before:

## My Portfolio

## Description

> Here is the mobile version ![127 0 0 1_5501_index html(iPhone 6_7_8) (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65068771/120803270-a95f2e00-c543-11eb-8957-a59f9130fefb.png)

> The main purposes of the project are:

- Understand how to parse a Figma design to create a UI.
- Flexbox to place elements in the page.
- Build a personal portfolio site.
- Use images and backgrounds to enhance the look of the website.

## Built With

This project is build with:

- HTML
- CSS

[Link Demo](https://andersonlebon.github.io/Portfolio-w2/)

## Getting Started

To get the content of this project locally you need to run this command in your terminal:

- ` git clone https://github.com/andersonlebon/Portfolio-w2.git`

## Test

For tracking linter errors locally you need to follow these steps:

- After cloning the project you need to run this command

  > npm install
  > This command will download all the dependancies of the project

- For tracking the linter errors in HTML file run:

  > npx hint .

- And for tracking the linter errors in CSS file run:
  > npx stylelint "\*_/_.{css,scss}"

## Author

👤 **Anderson Caleb**

- GitHub: [@Anhersonlebon](https://github.com/andersonlebon)
- Twitter: [@BuyananaCaleb](https://twitter.com/BuyananaCaleb)
- LinkedIn: [Anderson Caleb](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anderson-caleb-915343209/)

## :handshake: Contributing

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/andersonlebon/Portfolio/issues)

## Show your support

Give a :star: if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to [Microvers](www.microverse.org) team that help with the tamplete of this project
- Thanks to everyone who will get time to check this code.

Commit message:

Deploying my Portfolio using github Pages and update my README file

README.md, after:

# My Portfolio

## Description

> ## see Here 
Mobile version | Desktop version
-------------------- | ----------------------
![andersonlebon github io_Portfolio-w2_](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65068771/122742421-37e2e780-d286-11eb-9d93-bd2c07a122b7.png "Click on the live demo if you want to see more") | ![Screenshot from 2021-06-21 11-05-48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65068771/122742352-239eea80-d286-11eb-8fd8-def67fca395d.png "Click on the live demo if you want to see more")


> The main purposes of the project are:

- Understand how to parse a Figma design to create a UI.
- Flexbox to place elements in the page.
- Build a personal portfolio site.
- Use images and backgrounds to enhance the look of the website.

## Built With

This project is build with:

- HTML
- CSS

[Link Demo](https://andersonlebon.github.io/Portfolio-w2/ "Click here to see more")

## Getting Started

To get the content of this project locally you need to run this command in your terminal:

- ` git clone https://github.com/andersonlebon/Portfolio-w2.git`

## Test

For tracking linter errors locally you need to follow these steps:

- After cloning the project you need to run this command

  > `npm install`
  > This command will download all the dependancies of the project

- For tracking the linter errors in HTML file run:

  > `npx hint .`

- And for tracking the linter errors in CSS file run:
  > `npx stylelint "\*_/_.{css,scss}"`

## Author

👤 **Anderson Caleb**

- GitHub: [@Anhersonlebon](https://github.com/andersonlebon)
- Twitter: [@BuyananaCaleb](https://twitter.com/BuyananaCaleb)
- LinkedIn: [Anderson Caleb](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anderson-caleb-915343209/)

## :handshake: Contributing

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/andersonlebon/Portfolio/issues)

## Show your support

Give a :star: if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to [Microvers](www.microverse.org) team that help with the tamplete of this project
- Thanks to everyone who will get time to check this code especially to code reviewers.
